satellite cameras are revolutionizing
the way scientists study the natural
world the tiniest splash of color can
reveal animals in Earth's most remote
landscapes
in Antarctica
a speck of red
blood on the ice
[Music]
we're a Weddell seal has just given
birth
[Music]
the South Atlantic Seas surrounding bird
island are so treacherous
but satellites are the safest way to
study them
[Music]
scientists are looking for these tiny
white spots
each vulnerable wandering out
[Music]
and on the Antarctic danger islands
patches of pink rock have led to the
discovery of one of the largest penguin
colonies on earth
[Music]
the activity of millions of the daily
penguins has worn away the vegetation
completely
[Music]
scientists now use color to estimate
just how many penguins live on these
remote islands without ever having to
set foot there
[Music]